docs/layouts/factories.rst, before:

Layout Factories
================

.. py:currentmodule:: txf.layouts

Each layout has up to four string converters.
There are readers and writers, each of which has a variant for individual strings (Line)
or entire files (Dict).

.. py:function:: LineReaderFactory(name, layout, iterable, **config)

    Constructs a :py:class:`LineReader` for the given ``layout``.
    The reader will parse each string into a string tuple.

    :param str name: The name of the calling transform.
    :param str layout: The string layout to read.
    :param iterable: The source of the strings to parse.
    :param config: Optional configuration parameters for the :py:class:`LineReader`.
    :return: An :py:obj:`iterable` that generates parsed tuples of values
    :raises TransformException: if the layout is unknown or the *iterable* is not :py:obj:`iterable`.


.. py:function:: DictReaderFactory(name, layout, iterable, fieldnames, **config)

    Constructs a :py:class:`DictReader` for the given ``layout``.
    The reader will parse each string into a record.

    :type fields: str or tuple(str)
    :param str name: The name of the calling transform.
    :param str layout: The string layout to read.
    :param iterable: The source of the strings to parse.
    :param fields fieldnames: The fields to read from the record.
    :param config: Optional configuration parameters for the :py:class:`DictReader`.
    :return: An :py:obj:`iterable` that generates parsed records
    :raises TransformException: if the layout is unknown or the *iterable* is not :py:obj:`iterable`.

.. py:function:: LineWriterFactory(name, layout, outfile, fieldnames, **config)

    Constructs a :py:obj:`DictWriter` for the given ``layout`` that converts
    :py:obj:`tuple`\ s into strings in the given layout and writes them to the output.

    :type fields: str or tuple(str)
    :param str name: The name of the calling transform.
    :param str layout: The string layout to write.
    :param outfile: The destination for the strings.
    :param fields fieldnames: The fields corresponding to the :py:obj:`tuple` values.
    :param config: Optional configuration parameters for the :py:class`DictReader`.
    :return: :py:class:`LineWriter` that writes layoutted :py:obj:`tuple`\ s
    :raises TransformException: if the layout is unknown or the *outfile* does not have a :py:meth:`write` method

.. py:function:: DictWriterFactory(name, layout, outfile, fieldnames, **config)

    Constructs a :py:class:`DictWriter` for the given ``layout`` that converts
    records into strings in the given layout and writes them to the output.

    :type fields: str or tuple(str)
    :param str name: The name of the calling transform.
    :param str layout: The string layout to write.
    :param writable outfile: The destination for the strings.
    :param fields fieldnames: The fields corresponding to the tuple values.
    :param config: Optional configuration parameters for the :py:class:`DictReader`.
    :return: A :py:class:`DictWriter` that writes layoutted tuples
    :raises TransformException: if the layout is unknown or the *outfile* does not have a :py:meth:`write` method

Commit message:

Issue #3: Add layout registration
Three accessors.

docs/layouts/factories.rst, after:

Layout Factories
================

.. py:currentmodule:: txf.layouts

Each layout has up to four string converters.
There are readers and writers, each of which has a variant for individual strings (Line)
or entire files (Dict).

.. py:function:: LineReaderFactory(name, layout, iterable, **config)

    Constructs a :py:class:`LineReader` for the given ``layout``.
    The reader will parse each string into a string tuple.

    :param str name: The name of the calling transform.
    :param str layout: The string layout to read.
    :param iterable: The source of the strings to parse.
    :param config: Optional configuration parameters for the :py:class:`LineReader`.
    :return: An :py:obj:`iterable` that generates parsed tuples of values
    :raises TransformException: if the layout is unknown or the *iterable* is not :py:obj:`iterable`.


.. py:function:: DictReaderFactory(name, layout, iterable, fieldnames, **config)

    Constructs a :py:class:`DictReader` for the given ``layout``.
    The reader will parse each string into a record.

    :type fields: str or tuple(str)
    :param str name: The name of the calling transform.
    :param str layout: The string layout to read.
    :param iterable: The source of the strings to parse.
    :param fields fieldnames: The fields to read from the record.
    :param config: Optional configuration parameters for the :py:class:`DictReader`.
    :return: An :py:obj:`iterable` that generates parsed records
    :raises TransformException: if the layout is unknown or the *iterable* is not :py:obj:`iterable`.

.. py:function:: LineWriterFactory(name, layout, outfile, fieldnames, **config)

    Constructs a :py:obj:`DictWriter` for the given ``layout`` that converts
    :py:obj:`tuple`\ s into strings in the given layout and writes them to the output.

    :type fields: str or tuple(str)
    :param str name: The name of the calling transform.
    :param str layout: The string layout to write.
    :param outfile: The destination for the strings.
    :param fields fieldnames: The fields corresponding to the :py:obj:`tuple` values.
    :param config: Optional configuration parameters for the :py:class`DictReader`.
    :return: :py:class:`LineWriter` that writes layout :py:obj:`tuple`\ s
    :raises TransformException: if the layout is unknown or the *outfile* does not have a :py:meth:`write` method

.. py:function:: DictWriterFactory(name, layout, outfile, fieldnames, **config)

    Constructs a :py:class:`DictWriter` for the given ``layout`` that converts
    records into strings in the given layout and writes them to the output.

    :type fields: str or tuple(str)
    :param str name: The name of the calling transform.
    :param str layout: The string layout to write.
    :param writable outfile: The destination for the strings.
    :param fields fieldnames: The fields corresponding to the tuple values.
    :param config: Optional configuration parameters for the :py:class:`DictReader`.
    :return: A :py:class:`DictWriter` that writes layout tuples
    :raises TransformException: if the layout is unknown or the *outfile* does not have a :py:meth:`write` method

.. py:function:: GetLayout(layout)

    Returns the factories for a layout code.
    If there are no entries, the layout is not defined.

    :param str layout: The layout
    :return: The factories.
    :rtype: dict

.. py:function:: RegisterLayout(layout, namespace)

    Adds factories for a layout code, reading them from the :py:func:`dir` of the namespace.
    Existing factories are replaced.

    :param namespace: An object containing the factories.

.. py:function:: UnregisterLayout(layout)

    Remove the factories for the layout.

    :param namespace: An object containing the factories.
